README.md, before:

# Hey, I'm Nathan 👋

**Full-Stack Developer | Founder of Spotlite Studios | Kansas City, MO**

I build beautiful, high-performance web applications with modern technologies. Currently running [Spotlite Studios](https://spotlitestudios.com), a web development agency helping small businesses shine online.

---

## 🚀 What I'm Working On

- 🏢 Building production websites for small businesses at **[Spotlite Studios](https://spotlitestudios.com)** (since April 2025)
- 📦 Maintaining my npm packages for the Svelte ecosystem
- 📝 Writing about web development on [my blog](https://slimnate.net)
- 🐧 Customizing my Omarchy Linux setup ([dotfiles](https://github.com/slimnate/dotfiles))
- 🤖 Exploring the uses of AI tools for improving workflows and maximizing productivity

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

#### Languages
<div style="display: flex; gap:0;">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=js&level=5" title="JavaScript - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=ts&level=4" title="TypeScript - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=html&level=5" title="HTML - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=css&level=4" title="CSS - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=sass&level=3" title="Sass - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=cs&level=3" title="C# - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=java&level=3" title="Java - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=cpp&level=2" title="C++ - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=php&level=2" title="PHP - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=py&level=2" title="Python - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=ruby&level=3" title="Ruby - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=dart&level=1" title="Dart - Beginner">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=go&level=1" title="Go - Beginner">
</div>

#### Frameworks & Libraries
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=svelte&level=4" title="Svelte - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=react&level=3" title="React - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=rails&level=3" title="Ruby on Rails - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=flutter&level=2" title="Flutter - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=tailwind&level=5" title="Tailwind CSS - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=jquery&level=4" title="jQuery - Advanced">
</p>

#### Backend & Databases
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=nodejs&level=5" title="Node.js - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=convex&level=4" title="Convex - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=mongodb&level=3" title="MongoDB - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=postgres&level=3" title="PostgreSQL - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=mysql&level=3" title="MySQL - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=sqlite&level=3" title="SQLite - Moderate">
</p>

#### Cloud & Hosting
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=netlify&level=5" title="Netlify - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=supabase&level=2" title="Supabase - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=firebase&level=1" title="Firebase - Beginner">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=gcp&level=2" title="Google Cloud Platform - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=aws&level=2" title="AWS - Intermediate">
</p>

#### Build & DevOps
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=npm&level=5" title="npm - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=vite&level=4" title="Vite - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=gulp&level=2" title="Gulp - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=jenkins&level=1" title="Jenkins - Beginner">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=selenium&level=3" title="Selenium - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=electron&level=3" title="Electron - Moderate">
</p>

#### Development Tools
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=git&level=4" title="Git - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=github&level=5" title="GitHub - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=bitbucket&level=4" title="Bitbucket - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=neovim&level=3" title="Neovim - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=vscode&level=5" title="VS Code - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=visualstudio&level=5" title="Visual Studio - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=postman&level=4" title="Postman - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=figma&level=2" title="Figma - Intermediate">
</p>

#### Systems
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=windows&level=5" title="Windows - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=arch&level=3" title="Arch Linux - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=linux&level=3" title="Linux - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=powershell&level=3" title="PowerShell - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=bash&level=3" title="Bash - Moderate">
</p>

---

## 🏆 Featured Projects

### 📦 Open Source Packages

| Package | Description | npm |
|---------|-------------|-----|
| [workos-convex-sveltekit](https://github.com/slimnate/workos-convex-sveltekit) | Integrate WorkOS AuthKit with Convex and SvelteKit | [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/workos-convex-sveltekit?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/workos-convex-sveltekit) |
| [electron-ipc-api](https://github.com/slimnate/electron-ipc-api) | IPC API generator for Electron applications | [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/electron-ipc-api?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/electron-ipc-api) |

### 🌐 Client Websites (Spotlite Studios)

- **[Dream Capture Co](https://dreamcapture.co)** - Photography portfolio with booking system
- **[Sincerely Selfcare](https://sincerelyselfcare.life)** - Mobile massage therapy service with blog and custom CMS for blog posts
- **[KC Fairway Bodywork](https://kcfairwaybodywork.com)** - Sports massage for golfers with blog and custom CMS for blog posts
- **[Kira's Cars KC](https://kirascarskc.com)** - Mobile detailing with subscriptions
- **[Spotlite Studios](https://spotlitestudios.com)** - Spotlite Studios business website with booking system, blog, and custom CMS for blog posts

### 🛠️ Applications

- **[Keeper](https://github.com/slimnate/keeper)** - Electron/React image culling app for photographers
- **[Renvintory](https://github.com/slimnate/renvintory)** - Renaissance Faire bar inventory tracking application

### 🔧 Hardware

- **[Snake Tank Controller](https://github.com/slimnate/arduino_climate_control)** - Arduino IoT humidity controller with custom PCB

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=slimnate&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="Nathan's GitHub stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=slimnate&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

---

## 📫 Let's Connect

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nathan-hoyt-kc/)
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Blog-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=blogger&logoColor=white)](https://slimnate.net)
[![Spotlite Studios](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Spotlite_Studios-4A90A4?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,...)](https://spotlitestudios.com)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:slimnatekc@gmail.com)

---

<p align="center">
  <i>Open to new opportunities! Let's build something great together.</i>
</p>

Commit message:

Add skill-progress to readme

README.md, after:

# Hey, I'm Nathan 👋

**Full-Stack Developer | Founder of Spotlite Studios | Kansas City, MO**

I build beautiful, high-performance web applications with modern technologies. Currently running [Spotlite Studios](https://spotlitestudios.com), a web development agency helping small businesses shine online.

---

## 🚀 What I'm Working On

- 🏢 Building production websites for small businesses at **[Spotlite Studios](https://spotlitestudios.com)** (since April 2025)
- 📦 Maintaining my npm packages for the Svelte ecosystem
- 📊 Building and iterating on **[skill-progress](https://github.com/slimnate/skill-progress)**, the microservice powering the skill proficiency progress bars in this README
- 📝 Writing about web development on [my blog](https://slimnate.net)
- 🐧 Customizing my Omarchy Linux setup ([dotfiles](https://github.com/slimnate/dotfiles))
- 🤖 Exploring the uses of AI tools for improving workflows and maximizing productivity

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

#### Languages
<div style="display: flex; gap:0;">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=js&level=5" title="JavaScript - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=ts&level=4" title="TypeScript - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=html&level=5" title="HTML - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=css&level=4" title="CSS - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=sass&level=3" title="Sass - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=cs&level=3" title="C# - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=java&level=3" title="Java - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=cpp&level=2" title="C++ - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=php&level=2" title="PHP - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=py&level=2" title="Python - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=ruby&level=3" title="Ruby - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=dart&level=1" title="Dart - Beginner">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=go&level=1" title="Go - Beginner">
</div>

#### Frameworks & Libraries
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=svelte&level=4" title="Svelte - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=react&level=3" title="React - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=rails&level=3" title="Ruby on Rails - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=flutter&level=2" title="Flutter - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=tailwind&level=5" title="Tailwind CSS - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=jquery&level=4" title="jQuery - Advanced">
</p>

#### Backend & Databases
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=nodejs&level=5" title="Node.js - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=convex&level=4" title="Convex - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=mongodb&level=3" title="MongoDB - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=postgres&level=3" title="PostgreSQL - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=mysql&level=3" title="MySQL - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=sqlite&level=3" title="SQLite - Moderate">
</p>

#### Cloud & Hosting
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=netlify&level=5" title="Netlify - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=supabase&level=2" title="Supabase - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=firebase&level=1" title="Firebase - Beginner">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=gcp&level=2" title="Google Cloud Platform - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=aws&level=2" title="AWS - Intermediate">
</p>

#### Build & DevOps
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=npm&level=5" title="npm - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=vite&level=4" title="Vite - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=gulp&level=2" title="Gulp - Intermediate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=jenkins&level=1" title="Jenkins - Beginner">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=selenium&level=3" title="Selenium - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=electron&level=3" title="Electron - Moderate">
</p>

#### Development Tools
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=git&level=4" title="Git - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=github&level=5" title="GitHub - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=bitbucket&level=4" title="Bitbucket - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=neovim&level=3" title="Neovim - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=vscode&level=5" title="VS Code - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=visualstudio&level=5" title="Visual Studio - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=postman&level=4" title="Postman - Advanced">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=figma&level=2" title="Figma - Intermediate">
</p>

#### Systems
<p>
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=windows&level=5" title="Windows - Expert">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=arch&level=3" title="Arch Linux - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=linux&level=3" title="Linux - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=powershell&level=3" title="PowerShell - Moderate">
    <img src="https://skill-progress.netlify.app/.netlify/functions/progress?skill=bash&level=3" title="Bash - Moderate">
</p>

---

## 🏆 Featured Projects

### 📦 Open Source Packages

| Package | Description | npm |
|---------|-------------|-----|
| [workos-convex-sveltekit](https://github.com/slimnate/workos-convex-sveltekit) | Integrate WorkOS AuthKit with Convex and SvelteKit | [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/workos-convex-sveltekit?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/workos-convex-sveltekit) |
| [electron-ipc-api](https://github.com/slimnate/electron-ipc-api) | IPC API generator for Electron applications | [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/electron-ipc-api?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/electron-ipc-api) |
| [skill-progress](https://github.com/slimnate/skill-progress) | Microservice that turns skill icons into SVG progress bars to visualize proficiency levels in your README or portfolio | _Service (no npm package)_ |

### 🌐 Client Websites (Spotlite Studios)

- **[Dream Capture Co](https://dreamcapture.co)** - Photography portfolio with booking system
- **[Sincerely Selfcare](https://sincerelyselfcare.life)** - Mobile massage therapy service with blog and custom CMS for blog posts
- **[KC Fairway Bodywork](https://kcfairwaybodywork.com)** - Sports massage for golfers with blog and custom CMS for blog posts
- **[Kira's Cars KC](https://kirascarskc.com)** - Mobile detailing with subscriptions
- **[Spotlite Studios](https://spotlitestudios.com)** - Spotlite Studios business website with booking system, blog, and custom CMS for blog posts

### 🛠️ Applications

- **[Keeper](https://github.com/slimnate/keeper)** - Electron/React image culling app for photographers
- **[Renvintory](https://github.com/slimnate/renvintory)** - Renaissance Faire bar inventory tracking application

### 🔧 Hardware

- **[Snake Tank Controller](https://github.com/slimnate/arduino_climate_control)** - Arduino IoT humidity controller with custom PCB

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=slimnate&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="Nathan's GitHub stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=slimnate&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

---

## 📫 Let's Connect

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nathan-hoyt-kc/)
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Blog-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=blogger&logoColor=white)](https://slimnate.net)
[![Spotlite Studios](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Spotlite_Studios-4A90A4?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,...)](https://spotlitestudios.com)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:slimnatekc@gmail.com)

---

<p align="center">
  <i>Open to new opportunities! Let's build something great together.</i>
</p>
